Revise import guidelines. (#3010)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/effective-dart/usage_migrated.md

That means that if you import some other package's private library, a minor,
theoretically non-breaking point release of that package could break your code.

### DON'T allow an import path to reach into or out of `lib`.

{% include linter-rule.html rule="avoid_relative_lib_imports" %}

> Dart supports `package:` imports to let you access
> the libraries inside a package's `lib` directory
> regardless of whether the package is physically stored on your computer.
> This can lead to a very confusing situation
> if you have a `package:` import of a library and another import
> that physically traverses into that same package's `lib` directory.

Reviewer: I had trouble understanding this intro, even though I think I know what you're getting at. It seems a little too high level. Maybe:

```suggestion
If you have a `package:` import of a library and another import
that physically traverses into that same package's `lib` directory,
the result can be all sorts of errors and confusion.
```

Reviewer: "physically traverses" could probably be simpler, now that I look at this. "physically" isn't really accurate, and "traverses" is not a word I'd expect an ESL reader to know.

Change it to "crosses"?

Author: Yeah, this is hard to explain concisely. I'll take another stab at it.

> For example, say your directory structure looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, say your directory structure looks like this:
```

```text
my_package
└─ lib
   └─ api.dart
   test
   └─ api_test.dart
```

> If `api_test.dart` contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Say `api_test.dart` imports `api.dart` in two ways:
```

{:.bad}
{% prettify dart tag=pre+code %}
import 'package:my_package/api.dart';
import '../lib/api.dart';
{% endprettify %}

> Then Dart thinks those are imports of two completely unrelated libraries.
> This causes all sorts of errors and confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dart thinks those are imports of two completely unrelated libraries.
```

> To avoid that, follow these two rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid confusing Dart and yourself, follow these two rules:
```

> * An import path should never contain `/lib/`.
> * A library under `lib` should never use `../` to escape the `lib` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't use `/lib/` in an import path.
* Don't use `../` to escape the `lib` directory.
```

Instead, when you need to reach into a package's `lib` directory

> (even from the same package's `test` or other top-level directories),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(even from the same package's `test` directory
or any other top-level directory),
```

{% include linter-rule.html rule="avoid_relative_lib_imports" %}

A `package:` import lets you access
a library inside a package's `lib` directory
without having to worry about where the package is stored on your computer.
For this to work, you cannot have imports that require the `lib`

> to be in some location on disc relative to other files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be in some location on disk relative to other files.
```
